c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wk_app\wk_app\bin\wk_app.dll.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wk_app\wk_app\bin\wk_app.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wk_app\wk_app\bin\wk_app.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wk_app\wk_app\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wk_app\wk_app\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wk_app\wk_app\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wk_app\wk_app\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wk_app\wk_app\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wk_app\wk_app\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wk_app\wk_app\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wk_app\wk_app\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wk_app\wk_app\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wk_app\wk_app\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wk_app\wk_app\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wk_app\wk_app\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wk_app\wk_app\obj\Debug\wk_app.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wk_app\wk_app\obj\Debug\wk_app.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wk_app\wk_app\obj\Debug\wk_app.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\wk_app\wk_app\bin\dotless.Core.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\wk_app\wk_app\bin\ClassLibrary1.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\wk_app\wk_app\bin\IronRuby.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\wk_app\wk_app\bin\IronRuby.Libraries.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\wk_app\wk_app\bin\IronRuby.Libraries.Yaml.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\wk_app\wk_app\bin\Microsoft.Dynamic.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\wk_app\wk_app\bin\Microsoft.Scripting.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\wk_app\wk_app\bin\Microsoft.Scripting.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\wk_app\wk_app\bin\SassAndCoffee.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\wk_app\wk_app\bin\SassAndCoffee.Core.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\wk_app\wk_app\bin\SassAndCoffee.JavaScript.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\wk_app\wk_app\bin\SassAndCoffee.Ruby.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\wk_app\wk_app\bin\ClassLibrary1.pdb
